hey YouTube it's Aussie I'm gonna be
showing you all how to laminate stickers
today
stickers stickers and more stickers okay
the first thing you're going to want to
do is go in DHL come get some of this
laminate it's free so yeah I'm not that
bad full and a hoarder some more as soon
as I figure out my account name cuz I
forgot what it was
anyways what else you're gonna need is
an exactly or a box cutter pair scissors
a ruler or one of these things okay
first thing you're gonna want to do is
find out what stickers you're gonna
eliminate okay well I'm not actually
gonna laminate this one because I
haven't tagged it but I'm gonna laminate
these two for you okay what you're gonna
want to do is you're gonna get a
notebook or a piece of cardboard or
something you can cut on I'm not gonna
cut on the desk because it's new and I
don't mess it up
so anyways you're gonna take this and
there's a line right about here it's
where the top sheet and the laminate
connect so you're gonna want to cut a
little above that bear with me I think I
jammed my thumb today when I was writing
my dirtbikes just too because it's hard
for me to cut and I'm really pissed off
because I got to make a bunch of slaps
and send them out and this really
doesn't help oh yeah you're gonna cut
off all that god damn with honors okay
so you cut the bottom off and you cut
the sides you don't have to worry about
the top as it's connected say that comes
off but now you got one more side
and that should be it
okay there you go just throw away all
the extra crap now you got your laminate
okay now throw this out of the way and
keep it real now you don't need your
exacto knife anymore so you can put that
up see put up okay now you want to have
room for two of these because you're
gonna have to peel it back which would
be double so one two we're gonna see I
got a lot of room got like a fucking
chin foot desk okay all right now you
look from the top this is the pump
because there's a little like millimeter
strip at the top that isn't laminate and
hold one corner with your pinky and
thumb and the other corner with your
pointer and middle finger and just peel
it back now just hold that there because
you're gonna be folding it back in like
30 seconds but one slept down one slap
now hold it and just light the laminate
fall like don't force it otherwise
you're gonna get some bubbles that you
don't want now when it's about half way
go ahead and grab your other sticker
just slap that on there and it's half
way just let it just leave it okay now
that's done grab your ruler or that
thing and go towards the bottom that you
finished on that'll bring all your rolls
to the bottom make sure you do this
soft the first time well I guess the
second time too but soft cuz if you
force it you'll just get a bunch of
bullshit and go top to bottom and right
to left left to right just make sure you
got all the bubbles okay that one's got
all the bubbles now same thing for this
one scrape it towards the bottom
and then scraper that way if you see any
individual bubbles like say that was one
right here right wonder there you would
just put it at the top of that bubble
and push it out okay just like so okay
now these are ready to be rough cut okay
my thumb hurts but here we go
just can't see now you got that sticker
now you got the sticker I'll cut this
one off because it's mostly cut and I
don't want to do a lot of cutting
because the worst part about making
stickers is fucking cutting them I've
must to cut at least 40 stickers today
but now it's even harder my thumb that's
like crap
if y'all find this vid helpful or you
like it or I don't know you're just like
oh cool on me go ahead and subscribe cuz
I'm gonna start making about two bids a
day now that it's winter break probably
not on Christmas because there'll be a
lot of family and shit over but yeah I'm
gonna try to make at least two bids a
day and if you have any requests just
put them in the comment box down there
and yeah hit that little button like I
think it's actually down there because
this is an HD camera and every time you
get HD but if it's not get it over there
get it down there wherever the fucking
sick subscribe button wherever the
subscribe button hey Scott I can't even
fucking talk
wherever that damn thing is that you hit
to subscribe to me hit it because I
don't know maybe you like my videos
because you're watching one so I don't
know you probably like them okay so I'm
about done with this sticker just couple
more cuts and we should be good
oh yeah if y'all wanna trade stickers
just hit me up because like it's winter
break and I got nothing better to do
except hang out with shit
and make stickers and hurt your thumb so
just fucking hit me up there you can see
finished sticker glossy very nice
weatherproof everybody's like diam your
stickers laminate and you're like hell
yeah so like I saw Baldy that's how you
laminate your stickers peace